Use of the SILK system and related source code is subject to the terms
of the following licenses:

GNU General Public License (GPL) pursuant to Version 2, June 1991
Government Purpose License Rights (GPLR) pursuant to DFARS 252.227.7013,

Copyright 2001-2017 Carnegie Mellon University

This material is based upon work funded and supported by Defense
Information Systems Agency (DISA) and Department of Homeland Security
under Contract No. FA8702-15-D-0002 with Carnegie Mellon University
for the operation of the Software Engineering Institute, a federally
funded research and development center sponsored by the United States
Department of Defense.

Any opinions, findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in
this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily
reflect the views of Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) and
Department of Homeland Security or the United States Department of
Defense.

References herein to any specific commercial product, process, or
service by trade name, trade mark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does
not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation,
or favoring by Carnegie Mellon University or its Software Engineering
Institute.

NO WARRANTY. THIS CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY AND SOFTWARE ENGINEERING
INSTITUTE MATERIAL IS FURNISHED ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CARNEGIE MELLON
UNIVERSITY MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED, AS TO ANY MATTER INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTY OF
FITNESS FOR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY, EXCLUSIVITY, OR RESULTS
OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE MATERIAL. CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DOES NOT
MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO FREEDOM FROM PATENT,
TRADEMARK, OR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT.

[Distribution Statement A] This material has been approved for public
release and unlimited distribution. Please see Copyright notice for
non-US Government use and distribution.

Carnegie Mellon®, CERT® and CERT Coordination Center®
are registered marks of Carnegie Mellon University.

DM-0004292
